# enmwmak.github.io

## Professor

* **Teaching Areas**: machine learning, spoken language processing, and audio processing
* **Research Areas**: Speaker recognition, machine learning, spoken language processing, biomedical engineering, and bioinformatics
* **Address**: Room DE611, Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hung Hom, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
* **Telephone**: +852 2766 6257
* **E-mail**: enmwmak@polyu.edu.hk

## Technical Profile
Man-Wai Mak received a BEng (Hons) degree in Electronic Engineering from Newcastle Upon Tyne Polytechnic in 1989 and a Ph.D. degree in Electronic Engineering from the University of Northumbria at Newcastle (now [Northumbria University](http://www.northumbria.ac.uk/)) in 1993. He joined the Department of Electronic and Information Engineering (EIE) at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1993, served as Interim Head of EIE from 2021 to 2023, and as Associate Head of the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering from 2023-24. Prof. Mak led various courses at HKPolyU, including deep learning and deep neural networks, human-computer interaction, and spoken language processing. Prof. Mak has successfully supervised several Ph.D. students and researchers who have become scientists or postdocs in major research labs and renowned universities. Some examples are Microsoft, Tencent, the National University of Singapore, Princeton University, the University of Pennsylvania, and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, USA. He has authored more than 220 technical articles and books in speaker recognition, machine learning, bioinformatics, and biomedical engineering, and served as a guest editor of international journals. He has been an associate editor of IEEE Trans. on Audio, Speech and Language Processing, Journal of Signal Processing Systems, Advances in Artificial Neural Systems, and IEEE Biometrics Compendium. He is a tutorial speaker in Interspeech '16. Prof. Mak is also a co-author of the postgraduate textbook "Biometric Authentication: A Machine Learning Approach, Prentice-Hall, 2005.", "Machine Learning for Protein Subcellular Localization Prediction, De Gruyter, 2015", and "Machine Learning for Speaker Recognition, Cambridge University Press, 2020." He has received three Faculty of Engineering Research Grant Achievement Awards and a Faculty Award for Outstanding Performance (Research and Scholarly Activities). He is also experienced in software design and implementation and has provided consultancy services to companies in Hong Kong. Prof. Mak was an Executive Committee member of the IEEE Hong Kong Section Computer Chapter from 1995 to 2007 and the Chairman of the IEEE Hong Kong Section Computer Chapter from 2003 to 2005. He also served as a member of the IEEE Machine Learning for Signal Processing Technical Committee in 2005-2007 and as a Technical Committee Member of the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society, Intelligent Systems Applications, in 2008. Prof. Mak has served as Area Chair of Interspeech'14 and ICTAI 2016, Steering Committee Member of ISCSLP and ISCSLP16, and Program Co-Chair of ISCSLP 2018 and ISCSLP 2021. Prof. Mak's research interests include speaker recognition, machine learning, spoken language processing, biomedical engineering, and bioinformatics.
